fix: embedding guide link (#10632)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/references/embedding.mdx

:::

> For more of a deep dive into setting up and using embedding in Lightdash, check out our [`How to embed content` guide](https://docs.lightdash.com/guides/how-to-embed-content).

Reviewer: Can you try this instead @12ian34 ?

```suggestion
For more of a deep dive into setting up and using embedding in Lightdash, check out our [`How to embed content` guide](../guides/how-to-embed-content.mdx).
```
